let me out of this cage I don't believe
these wings
yeah
way to bring that bird down snake Drebin
and you got yourself a souvenir to a
grenade launcher nice that's a real
user-friendly weapon not much used to me
without 19 though I laundered this one
free of charge what's the catch
only that you give it to me when you're
done with it a weapon with that many
decades of Rage stored up inside it now
that's a collector the hell how old was
she
I'd say about 20 but she had years of
soldiers rage hidden away in that
youthful body of hers soldiers yeah the
soldiers of arcade a place that hasn't
seen peace in a long long time she was
captured by one side or another and kept
caged up like an animal
along with God knows how many other kids
anonymous violence exactly it's unknown
whether her captors were with the
government or the rebels in any case
they got their kicks by abusing these
helpless little kids day after day after
day that constant barrage that
battlefield rage slowly built up inside
their bodies their minds the kids tried
to keep each other spirits up always
clinging to the hope that someone would
come to their rescue barely surviving
off of scraps of food but those soldiers
didn't stop they called the kids
parasites and shit-eating ravenous beat
him even harder then one morning the
soldiers just up and left leaving the
surviving kids to be eaten alive by the
birds almost like one of those sky
burials one by one their bodies were
picked apart by Ravens beaks
until finally the flock came for her but
by some miracle their beaks cut her
bonds instead and like that she was
liberated in that instant she was filled
with an uncontrollable rage and it
smothered her soul she ripped the Ravens
pecking at her to pieces and then went
after the soldiers and when she finally
caught up with them she waited until
nightfall
like a hunter awaiting its prey they say
that when a raven cries a man dies and
that's exactly what happened that night
screeching and calling she killed every
last living being in the camp both the
soldiers and the civilians they'd
enslaved in her eyes there was no longer
a difference the cruelty her friends had
suffered the pain and humiliation she'd
endured hers was the distillation of the
rage that decades of war had imparted on
those soldiers mm-hmm it was her
strength and her greatest weakness
here's something else snake you managed
to cleanse Raven of her rage no
seriously you're the seed of war in fact
I'd say you might even be war itself
Ravan maybe it's still too early to tell
you still got half the B&B car ahead of
you keep your eye on the ball pal